An AI Tax Empowered Assistant brings speed, accuracy, tax code centricity, and uniformity to solutioning client inquiries among many other benefits.  

I can personally attest to sitting in my tax office and seeing the operation in full swing during tax season and each client has unique demands to solve for whether owning a business, real estate, partnerships, large acquisitions during a current tax year.  I sit back and see the tools used and see very manual processes occurring.  The most common I see for small operations is seeing tax professionals jumping on the line with a contact from the IRS.  I think to myself, these consults are primarily referencing IRS Tax documentation.  

This got me pondering how I could bring value to these spaces where offices are small, and processes are ingrained.  I realize the unfolding will take some time but the greatest offer I could surface is tackling the time loss in holding for IRS personnel and getting common answers to questions that arise.  Incoming is a solution that I developed to meet this exact challenge. Meet the AI Tax Assistant. This assistant has sample documents to mimic real IRS documentation to kick the tires for a scalable solution that could relieve pain points for many small to medium tax offices. You can test drive my development here: [AI Tax Assistant Demo](https://ai-tax-assistant-y0yz.onrender.com)

Let's not just be limited to what is available in this demo.  Research signals that data curation is of high demand given client information sensitivity. Think domain knowledge central to your office only.  This design model is becoming increasingly popular.  Industry refers to this as “Walled Gardens” of tax office information.

I’ve built a system dubbed as a starter-kit solution for tax professionals to at minimum gain back time with consistent inquiry management.  A 2.0 of this system would be building in some machine learning to curate out common questions during peak tax season or how your office uses the tool.  Analytic reporting could yield new information territories of interest by clients and the list goes on.  I wanted to at least share this with the Professional Tax Preparation community to garner some interest for collaboration and partnership to scale this solution or something similar to add value to your clientele.  All of my AI Tech stack designs are modular and highly customizable as I endorse flexibility in this ever-changing AI era.